okay what is github
well github is a platform that helps
people solve problems
by building software together so how
does it work
this is sam sam works on tractors all
day
but not in the way you might be thinking
she builds the software that helps make
tractors more efficient
and she does this on github with the
help of her team
vijay melinda and mike
now even though they all work on the
same project sam and her team don't all
work in the same part of the world
[Music]
this is eddie eddie also works on
tractors all day
except he actually works on the tractors
all day
and this is the harvester l700 it's the
latest flagship in the company's fleet
of tractors
it's full of sensors and processors that
produce a ton of diagnostic data
eddie has a great idea for how farmers
might share their data and improve their
harvests
so eddie opens an issue on github issues
are discussion threads where people can
report bugs
request features or even just ask
questions
sam is the first one on her team to see
eddie's issue and she thinks that vj
would be the best person to start the
job
and here's where we get into the nuts
and bolts eddie isn't the only person
using the harvester l700
all over the world other tractors are
collecting moisture data
and they need to keep running smoothly
even while vijay is working on the new
features
he needs a dedicated place to experiment
so none of his changes end up on the
farm before they're ready
so he creates a branch of the code an
alternate timeline where he can safely
make changes to the software
now he's ready to start writing the new
features
github tracks vijay's changes and save
snapshots of his progress
when he's ready to collaborate on the
changes with his team he opens a
pull request on github pull requests let
you show others the changes you're
proposing so they can review and discuss
them
this means vijay's teammates can help
with roadblocks and even make
improvements
on github everyone has a copy of the
project
so if melinda has an idea for something
that will help make vijay's work even
better
she can add it to the branch herself
github keeps a record of everyone's
contributions and feedback in the pull
request
alongside relevant messages from the
team's other systems
once the team has signed off on the
changes vj can incorporate the new code
into the project the new feature will be
available to everyone as soon as he
merges it in
now farmers everywhere can all benefit
from eddie's great idea
but this is really only the beginning of
the story
because github is the largest community
of developers in the world
with millions of people sharing their
projects eddie's idea could end up
helping people in
unimaginable ways what kinds of problems
are you trying to sell
whether you're an engineer a code
enthusiast or even a farmer trying to
harvest grain
software touches every corner of our
lives
github is where people build that
software it's how they build software
[Music]
together
you